[surgeon] Mr. and Mrs. Siegel?
Yeah.
Your son's out of surgery. He's alive.
[Bernie] He-He's alive?
-[sighs] Thank...
-I'm sorry. He's alive.
but his brain's permanently damaged
beyond repair.
What the fuck are you saying?
[surgeon] David's body
is perfectly functional.
but he'll never speak.
he'll never move. he'll never think.
Never again.
This is never easy to bring up.
but organ donation is a gift that...
[monitors beeping]
[Robert Mitchum as Harry Powell]
Would you like me to tell you
the little story of right hand. left hand?
The story of good and evil?
H-A-T-E.
It was with this left hand
that old brother Cain struck the blow
that laid his brother low.
L-O-V-E.
You see these fingers. dear hearts?
These fingers has veins
that run straight to the soul of man.
The right hand. friends. The hand of love.
Now watch.
and I'll show you the story of life.
-[keypad beeping]
-[actor] These fingers. dear hearts.
is always a-warring and a-tugging.
one agin tother.
Now watch 'em.
Old brother left hand...
left hand hate's a-fighting.
and it looks like love's a goner.
But wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Hot dog. love's a-winning! Yes. sirree.
It's love that won.
And old left hand hate
is down for the count!
[John] Today is a big day.
Couldn't sleep. Got up early.
I'm waiting for a call from Charlie.
She's gonna let me know
when Byron Stallings is back.
I feel like it's gonna be a big day.
Big day.
Come on. Come on.
[engine roaring]
[barking]
[sighs] Boys. Boy. boy. boy. boys.
-[barking]
-[stammers]
[grunts]
Hey. pussy. [sighs]
Hey. hey. hey. hey. [sighing]
Still no word from Carlo?
Not a peep.
[sighs] It's fucking weird. right?
He better not be passed out
in some motel room.
or I'll cut his balls off
and feed 'em to my dogs.
What about Moss?
[associate] He's on his way.
All right. Hi.
Hi.
[sighs]
Hey. Stallings just got back to his place.
[Ruby] Wait. you're going there now?
-Yeah. of course. I'm on my way there now.
-Okay. But. Sugar. he's...
-He's the key to finding her.
-Byron Stallings is a very dangerous man...
Ruby. I...
Don't worry. I'll be okay. All right?
[Byron] All right. put away
the Candy Crush and let's powwow.
I want to know
what the hell happened to Dibenidetto.
-[cell phone buzzing]
-Hey now.
[speaking Spanish]
[clicks tongue] Change of plans.
Get the fuck up!
Hey. What do we got?
Senor Stallings. some known associates.
two Dobermans.
No sign of Olivia Siegel.
not that they'd let her out in the open.
Uh. doors on both sides.
steps in the back. and they're armed.
All right. If I'm not back in ten minutes?
Of course. Just like always.
-Like always.
-[door closes]
[barking. growling]
[shushing]
[whining. panting]
Come.
[chuckles] Good dogs.
[person crying]
[crying]
Olivia. [breathing heavily]
[shotgun cocks]
[John sighs] Hey.
[both grunting. breathing heavily]
It's the mystery man.
[grunting. groaning]
-[John panting]
-Almost.
-[grunts. sighs] To the rescue.
-[John grunts]
[grunting. panting]
[John] I'm unarmed. I'm unarmed.
I... [panting]
I don't wanna hurt you.
[chuckling] Oh. You don't wanna...
-[associate chuckles]
-You don't wanna hurt me?
I don't want violence.
Five punches?
In my book. violence is
Manny shoots you in the knee.
while I stop you from wriggling around
with my boot on your head
so I can saw your arm off.
I mean. that's... that's violence.
[John] I understand you being drawn to it.
I... I really do.
That feeling of-of... of power.
But that's... that's not what I want
for me. for any of you. all right?
I-I just want... I just want Olivia back.
Please. I just wanna bring her home.
[chuckles] You're...
You're a strange cat. man.
You're. like. convincingly strange.
But for you. I mean. um.
what happens next. it's. uh...
it's already been decided.
[pants] Who decided? What do you mean?
I don't think
Charlie's coming to your rescue this time.
What the hell is going on?
What's going on is. you're a dead man.
-Manny.
-No. don't! Don't!
Look. just... just tell me where she is.
I will let you surrender to the cops.
The unarmed mystery man
is going to let us surrender.
-Oh. thank you.
-Yeah. well. it's either that.
or I will kill you all.
Uh-huh.
Shoot him.
What the hell?
[grunting]
-[breathes shakily] I di...
-[both grunting. straining]
[grunts]
[screams. grunts]
[groans]
[grunts] Oh. goddamn it!
-[groaning]
-[panting]
-[breathing heavily]
-[grunting continues]
Someone told you I was coming.
[panting] Who?
[both breathing heavily]
[John] No.
Bad news. huh?
[John] No. no. no. I know that number.
Bad news is right. Those fucking people.
Where is she? Where's Olivia?
-Fuck you.
-[breathing heavily]
I didn't want this.
Where's Olivia?
Fuck you.
Where is she?
I have no fucking...
[panting]
[footsteps descending]
[dogs barking]
[whining]
Yo. yo. yo. Honey. I'm home.
[John breathing heavily]
Hey.
Your friends are... [sighs] ...gone.
I-I'll just go. and I won't say a word.
I swear.
[breathing heavily]
Okay. Go.
Wait.
You got a phone I can borrow?
Mine's not safe anymore.
Thanks. [breathing heavily]
-[exhales heavily. mumbles]
-[automated voice] We're sorry...
[John] No. Charlie.
-...a number that is no longer in service.
-[John] They got to Charlie.
[breathing heavily]
Melanie.
[John] Not everything's like a movie.
I know that.
Sometimes.
a thing is just a thing that happened.
Uniquely. in itself. Incomparable.
And yet. I can't help it.
I keep thinking of... What's that one?
Kim Basinger and Russell Crowe
and it's the '30s. [stammers]
What's it called?
Oh. right. L.A. Confidential.
It's all about betrayal.
[monitor beeping]
[sighs] David shot himself.
He's still alive. but. uh.
the doctors say the amount of trauma...
[sighs]
[sniffles]
...the damage to his brain is. uh...
Anyway. he'll never be the same.
[sniffs] You know. it's too much too soon.
Too easy.
You get born into all this.
and then you get that.
and then more and then more. you know?
It's not all his fault.
I was remembering... [sniffles]
...the first time I took him to Vegas.
It was a distributor's convention.
and he was only 12 or 13.
And you have to be at least 18
to go on the casino floor.
and he was with me. he was a Siegel.
and the pit bosses looked the other way.
so...
Anyway. none of the rules applied.
and I took him to the craps table.
[chuckles]
And I let him throw the dice for me.
And I'm telling ya. he rolled those dice.
He... He didn't throw a seven
for over an hour.
And the place was... it was going crazy.
They were... He made over $40.000
before he finally crapped out.
So. I took him to this steak place
after to celebrate.
And... [chuckles]
You know. it was so sweet.
It was so sweet. David was so excited.
He was. "That was fun. That was easy.
I can't wait to go back
and play some more."
And I felt like. um.
I should say something as a father.
As a father.
That... That that was an outlier.
That... That kind of luck is rare.
But I didn't say it.
I didn't say anything.
because at that moment.
David was happy.
And for me. that's all that mattered.
Not that that's a sentiment
you would understand.
You know. I'm sorry. That's unfair.
That's... Uh... [inhales sharply. sniffles]
You did the best you could. We all did.
It's just not enough. Not enough.
Anyway...
Margit and I talked.
and we're... [inhales shakily]
...gonna let Davy go.
I could do that for him. at least.
You know. I...
You know. I'm sorry
to bother you with this.
It-It could have waited. but I just...
[monitor beeping]
[sobbing]
Oh. God.
[sobbing continues]
[knocks]
It's me.
-Sugar. What? What?
-Close the door. [panting]
-[door closes]
-What happened?
Okay. so if you don't mind.
there's a drugstore around the corner.
Just get tape and get bandages. iodine.
A sewing kit. Heavy-duty.
-Jesus Christ.
-I know. You should probably get going.
I'm not going anywhere.
I'm calling an ambulance.
No. no. no. no. no. no. No.
I'll be fine. I just... [breathing heavily]
We have to call someone.
[breathing heavily] No. no.
No ambulance. No hospital.
I'm not a doctor. Sugar.
I don't know what I'm doing.
No. no. no. You... You're doing fine.
-[breathes shakily. whimpers]
-Could you bring my bag?
There's. uh. someone we can call.
[panting]
-This... This number. This is Henry.
-Okay.
-He's my friend. He'll...
-He'll know what to do.
-[breathing shakily]
-[line ringing]
-Thank you for coming.
-[breathing shakily]
-[ringing continues]
[Melanie gasps] Oh. J...
Okay. Give it to me. [breathes heavily]
-Henry.
-[Henry] Johnny.
Let's. uh... [breathing shakily]
...bring him into the bathroom.
-Yeah.
-[exhales heavily]
Okay. take his legs. Ready? Let's go.
One. two.
[murmuring] She was gone.
[Henry] You can't seem to stay
out of trouble. can you?
[groans]
[Henry murmuring]
[breathing shakily] I need you to go to
the drugstore and get some more Betadine.
Like. right now. please.
[wheezes]
[door opens]
[John wheezes]
[wheezing]
Come on. John. All right?
John.
All right. No? All right.
You're gonna be okay. my friend.
Here we go. Five. four. three. two. one.
I left him some clothes.
Just some sweats. underwear. whatever.
You sure you're okay staying with him?
I mean. uh. I would. but my work is...
No. of course.
He must really trust you.
All right. He doesn't move.
He doesn't go anywhere.
He stays in that bed.
I'm sorry.
Why can't I take him to a hospital?
Because it's not safe for him.
What the fuck does that mean?
What the fuck is going on?
I was gonna ask the same.
I'll check in tomorrow.
[breathes deeply]
[John grunts] Hurts.
Serves me right for what I did.
Long day...
[sighs] ...and it's not over yet.
[knocking]
-[John] Hey.
-Hey. I... I've been calling you.
Hey. you got any water?
What happened at Stallings's?
He knew I was coming.
I mean. what happened? Are you hurt?
-No. I'm okay.
-All right.
-Well. let me get you some asp...
-I don't want your aspirin!
I told you about this case.
You tipped off Stallings.
I saw the text.
You warned him I was coming.
Why? [chuckles]
-I can't.
-Why?
[yells] Why?
Can't.
A man like him? [sniffs]
A trafficker in humans?
And you warned him about me?
[inhales shakily]
No. I told them to leave. Not attack you.
I would never want you hurt.
You know that.
Where's Charlie? Is she okay?
I don't know.
Believe me. none of this was my decision.
None of what?
Tell me.
I can't.
I won't.
[sniffles]
Stallings took Olivia.
Not for himself or his typical clients.
the Davy Siegels of the world.
No. he-he-he-he...
he took her for someone else.
[sniffs]
Someone I wasn't supposed to find.
Someone you're protecting.
We're protecting.
Ru.
Whatever it is that's going on...
you're hurting. I can see that.
Just help me understand.
[sniffles]
You have to stop looking for her.
I'm allowed to tell you that much.
Tell me.
They need you to stop looking.
Who's "they"? [sniffing] Huh? "They."
[John] "They. Us."
And if I don't stop...
what do you think they'll do?
I don't know.
[sniffles] We have to trust
that this is for the greater good.
All of this. everything...
Everything is for the mission.
Sugar.
[sighs] Maybe I'll take
some of that aspirin now.
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
I think I have some in this. um...
[inhales sharply]
[groans]
It's left upstairs.
I'll be right back. okay?
Sorry that took me so long. I had to...
[sighs]
Damn it.
[actor] Don't you love me?
That's the tough part of it.
but it'll pass.
Most things do in time.
[John] Oh. well.
Not the first time my heart's been broken.
I should have known.
I should have seen the signs.
You're in a bad way. my boy.
Let me get you something.
No. Thanks. anyway.
[John] But this case. I got too close.
Just like they said I would.
Too late now. I'm in.
Let them come after me.
I'm not stopping.
Maybe tonight...
Maybe it's okay to take a little break.
Just a tiny little break.
Just for tonight.
go home.
Go home.
[breathing deeply]
[breathes deeply]
[sighing]
-[items clattering]
-[water running]
["Go Home" playing]